Black gold reborn shadows.

- discuss the great nothingness that became before there ever was anything at all..

- discuss the magical dimension that is able to bring order to chaos.

the loving energy aspect - magic.

A dark panel revealing only a tiny spot of light.The light grows adding some more elements to the frame: “Once Upon a time, before time ever began…”“Our Tale starts out at the deepest darkest of pits, in a far far away land in which there exists no sound. A desert land out in deep space.”Before there ever was a beginning.WHOOOOSH….A Tiny grain of sand, a black glistening spec of dust defies all non existence.A swirling vortex emerges from the eternal slumberThis mass starts to take shape, forming a vast mysterious dreamscape.A faint silhouette of a figure lying still in the darkness
An empty hospital bed floats in outer space above the swirling vortexBeginning to drift, slowly moving through the vacant space.
We are introduced with several photo realistic scenes depicting a dark and black space, in it there forms a cocoon of a man - that is the dreamer.
REVIEW
Is this clear enough? The story transform between a description and a tale leaving the reader with nothing to grasp at…What is needed is perhaps to immediately present the main character- the fact that he is absent doesn’t force the reader to be in the same state.
- a great man has befallen a tragic accident.He once had the keys to all of the kingdoms, now he is a stranger to his own bodyWhere there was once an ambitious man only an empty shell remained, but this shell got soon occupied with a new being - a new soul emerged into the world.And so in the deadest of nights, in the deepest of the darkest nightmares- a new beginning!
Bring light into the darkest o despairs - the black gold element.
And so our hero travels time and space riding on his bed, floating in space, he takes a great voyage underwater.And so at the deep dark black ocean which is our subconscious nests a man regained his senses