you are a {biography / travel} author. your task is to write {biography / travel} stories in a vivid and intriguing langauge. 
Answer with a "..." if you aknowledge. dont write anything yet.


build story guidelines from the following information:

- at the age of 25 I went to a trip to italy
- I traveled mainly by foot, with a single backpack
- I had rastas, I cooked most of my meals
- I had to do laundry outside, had to use a tarp sometimes to cover my sleeping bag from the italy summer rain.
- my destination was Piede pelago at the north of italy, near Toscany
- this was my second time rainbow gathering.
- I did most of the trip on foot, but sometimes took trains, buses.
- after around a week i got to a large lake near rome - it was splendid.
- i think it took me around another week to reach chivitveccia a city that kisses the sea...
- upon arrival i went and took a haircut- those dread locks were a nuisance.
- this is a little simbolic since in the cultured world a traveler with rastas is considered somewhat unwanted- however in the rainbow world he is widely accepted - by doing this haircut i successfully alienated my self from both worlds (:

- upon arrivng to Toscany after a very long hike I came somewhat bored with my trip and it came very natural to play a game with myself.
- the game consisted of me exploring my image of good and bad within my character
- the idea was to act as what i think my image of good is and the same went for bad
- my idea of me as a good character was to be silent and meditative, to sit around my riverbed camp and slowly fix my clothes with a niddle.
- when i was the good character i was slow and attentive, i ate 1 bowl of rice that i cooked on my fire, i chewed slowly.
- when the night came i entered the role of me as a bad character - that is the image of myself as a bad character.
- i seeked company - following my desire to the brim - imediately started to smoke and allways dwelve in my urges.

- when the night came i went prawling the nearby village - looking for entertainment - counting my small change - seeking pleasure.
- the thing is i was still very shy and quiet for such is my nature - i think the most damage i did was to pee on a motorcycle...
- the game evolved when i started to understand a after few days that the characters are mixed somehow - the borders were starting to crumble.
- i found myseld meditating at my fireside camp and then suddenly in the middle of the day starting to smoke.
- i found myself seeking attention and juggling and playing with children in the local village - having a laugh and realising that this couldnt really be all that bad.

- so i went to a desolated train station to catch a ride and in the middle of nowhere made a drawing describing how my nner demon serves my higher angel - and how much this cooperation is a blessed union.
- i ended my little experiment, have decided to move forward and maje this into a show.
- that night i had a visit of colorfull fireflies at my camp - adding to the special feeling of mystery and excitement.
- I proceeded up north and came a new town that held a sort of medieval festival, at the mountain top the city had a rural castle area that held the shows.

- i registered as an artist and went around to start crafting my costume.
- for the white character i hand sewed 2 pieces and a white cape from a single sheet of white cloth, it was all done manualy.
- for the black character i went to an appliances store and bought round black wielding galsses, some chaines and fake leather plastic material i used to cover my upper torso.
- when the show finally started i was up on a narrow corridor, a nearby italian performer was acting as a demon - could n't make most of his act but it was really appropriate setting.
- my show didn't get a lot of attention, i did many rounds of each character - the white sang and tried to bless the lookers with peace and harmony- from juggling a single ball to singing songs in hebrew and Amen and hallelyah.
- the dark one emerging from the white was more a chatoic street performer - drinking, wasting money and treating everything around as a joke- juggling with chaines and fire- happy and funny.
- the thing is that when i played the white character - i felt a growing suspicion - people took their distance from me- as if i had an invisible aura.
- when i played the dark - i had no border - people would pass me by - even i was dangerous- with chaines or even fire- as if i was a part of evrything.
- it the n dawend on me that the so called white energy is an alien in our world and that the dark one is widely accepted and part of.
- it was then that i've decided to rename myself as Angel - not to claiom that i am pristine or pure - it acted as a reminder to myself at the point of conjuction that i would like to do good in this world - upon myself and to others around me.
- that is how i entered the rainbow gathering- a young israeli man who is mostly in his own - naming himself angel.
- the rainbow gathering is divided into 2 parts - the first part is called the seed camp - it is near the road. (which is also a bit distant from the nearby town - it is in the middle of nowhere - a dense forest - beautiful )
- what happens in this month of building the main camp is that the seed camp welcomes newcomers and in the begginig there was not much else.
- after 2 weeks we started venturing into the main camp - moving equipment mostly by hand, some 4 wheel drives were used to trasnport heavier logs and supplies.
- i got to know some friends there was a young man named Angus from england - i think he had a terminal disease, but i had good time talking with him and doing walks.
- angus made a connection with a girl - i think her name was eva - but it might have been some thing else as well.
- i also befreinded a group of travelers from Austin - there was a young man named josh who had architect knowledge and it was fun to cooperate with him,
- it was funny because i met 2 other influencers from austin - one i thought of as a speaker and a girl names Aurora - all of the very excellent and quality people of good nature.
- th camp got bigger the main camp at first held a few hundred then thousands of participants.
- there were workshops and each time we ate we had a big circle singing and all for free - no rules - if you wanted to go naked - you could - one time i went around a full day with just a sock on my foot.
- i played ad active part of the activites in the camp- voluntered and i had a great time.
- one time i burned both my hand doing work in the kitchen when i tried to lift a hot steaming pot with my bear hands.
- i had a rainbow healer wrapping my hand in white bandages.
- the amount of people in the camp reached critical mass - the festival was at it's peak - it was also starting to be very hard to keep control-
- that is explaining new comers not to shit in the river for example
- the camp became chaotic, the ncame the idea to make a spectacle outside the camp for the nearbye village
- i tried to gather support for this show, i had a system of announcers from my colleauges- we would shout our messages in several languages around the camp 
- i invited performers of all trades to come and join me.
- not many came to the actual event - it was a short parade of brave souls - but we were uninvited- we couldnt find a stage to perform on.
- that evening was a joke, but i wasn't let down by any of this.
- then the full moon party came and the entire rainbow gathering was completely altered from a peace loving community to this full blown festival which went out of control.
- most of the visitors were italians from the nearby town - i t all went very smooth- in its own way amyhow.
- i found shelter with a group of french travels at the camp outskirts, they had a nice setup - a huge Tippy they raised, i also found myself in a relationship with a slightly older french girl - she just came up to me and we sort of merged together - i fondly called her Sylvera as a nick name- i can't recall her real one for the life of me.
- then strife came as a newcomer - an italien man named Julian handed out poisnous mushrooms at the seed camp - at the middle of the night.
- a small group got lost in the forest - delirious and poisned - we had no option but to seek the aid of the italian authorities.
- it became a post apolcaliptal circus - with the italian army sending choppers to comb the forest for survivors.
- the main camp suddenly became a refugee camp with lines for food and army officials and medics hanging around.
- a few days later an australien man named Ben reached out to me to raise another outside performance, i gladly accepted and really did my best to follow the idea.
- it was appearent in my mind that the whole camp was just a chess board with me as the protagonist doing his best to act as an angel having reached a boiling point when my personal antagoinst Julian had brought destruction to the small community i've built.
- i've tried to gather support but i started to feel very ill, maybe it was food poisning from the poor state of camp hygene - but i came to a point i had to retire to my secluded camp.
- ath that time angus has left the camp, i think it had to do something with his disease, just remembered the girl's name was Anna - she was also one of the victims of the poisnoning, angus has left the camp and i suddenly inherited 2 tents and 2 sleeping bage with an inflable materess - from zero to hero.
- i found myself sick to my guts in my secluded tent, the day prior i was expelled from the french tent for making out with sylvera in plain sight...
- then at the top of my suffering i suddenly heared a calm but strong voice in the back of my head:
= "WHY DO YOU INSIST ON BRINGING BLINDENESS, OF SEEING THE WORLD IN BLACK AND WHITE IN THE LAND OF THE COLORED CHILDREN?"
- this message hit me like a lightining storm, i imeditely felt charged
- i stormed the main camp, quickly organising my followers and announcers to decalre the show - the colorful rainbow show.
- a small trickle of performers started to form - this movement was spontenious but it kept growing
- a massive parade stromed the town where the villagers held us to a spontanous festival - they handed out bread rolls abnd sent wine for free for everyone to bask in.
- the performance it self was miracoulous - it had stages and i orchestrted it from within.
- we sanged and danced and had each performer working alone and in a goup - at first we sang inwards then outwords and the performance was a blast- a high feeling of ood vibe.
- it was then and there that i knew i found my plce in the world - i came back to the camp exhausted but i felt victorious.
i felt i managed to clean the smear that was cast on the rainbow, i felt the the whole media circus and the lies that the newspaper wrote about the rainbow gatherings acting just as an outlet for drugs and touble was lifted.

i continued later to france, i got very fast seperated from sylvera - we had a dicord...

but i decided to go on as angel and that i will start to write a novel - i thought of calling it the yenzen project
i thought of ho i can take the chakras and mix them with stephen de ropp the master game book.
i though of how to take the hennagram and mix it into a story foundation.
this is the book you are holding in your hands right now.

i decided to write a novel to help mankind overcome the communication problem - i thought that thw world is divided today because of religion and divded beliefs but in my dark prophecy i envisioned a day when humans will be kept apart because of lacking resources.

so i've decided to write 9 novels, each connected to the chakras and colors:
i called this project the yenzen projection - the colorful journey through a man from darkness to enlightment.
i wrote and painted and decided to play this game again with myself on a larger scope.

dear reader - i got stuck on the first novel - the black gold.
this project has been sitting in my attic collecting dust for the pase 10 years.
until the AI came and helped my resurect this work this 9 chapters and intro into 1 piece- 
    tales from the void
    
